Now he is a dog that I can kill at any time.
After you die, I can still get the Kuang Pulse.
Don't kill us. This is criminal evidence of murder.
If I have three long and two shortcomings, they will appear where they should appear.
He actually found Mai. This information can be found,
I must die today.
I have found evidence of the murder.
It turns out that this grandson has been collaborating with foreigners to create counterfeit goods.
Keep the real stuff abroad. They are simply traitors.
Mr. Bai came just in time
Is there anyone who has been discharged from the army on your broken hand?
There is no long-term environment and you are very responsible
but you might be in danger
But if I don’t go in, I won’t know what’s going on inside.
I'll go ahead and prepare the news
You want the brothers to practice by cutting in at the back door.
It's OK, but the call can't be streamed. Incoming calls were made in the past.
Now you have to use all your abilities
Get my brother out. Is there any problem?